This is where I will document progress, what needs to get done, what has been done, bugs, and more.

To Do:

    Particles System
        idk, set up a particles system.

    Title Screen
        Tree will be by the side or smthn

    End Cutscene
        All of it.
        it's by the tree. 
        maybe it's where the boss is put to rest.
        some sort of twist, like the boss was your sensei?

    GSM
        GSM funcitons needs to be moved into a single script and set up globaly instead of just player GSM
        GSM can be copied over to boss for temp use

    Tutorial section
        Literally all of it. 
        tutorial Assets will be removed once boss flag is activated
        
        Slash tutorial
            button prompt for a slash on a dummy enemy.
        spike tutorial
            a floating sign telling inputs with the use the crank prompt to hit a floating dummy enemy.

    Player
        Collisions need to be set up all over player assets/states

        HP system needs to be set up and developed

        Slash
            need to set up animations (both slash and player animations)

        Spike
            need to set up visuals
                particle effects in a circle for attack effect
                new sprite for when aiming

        Air Slash
            need to set up animations (both slash and player animations)

    Boss
        All animations
        
        Attacks
            Each phase of attacks will likely compound into eachother so that phase 1's attacks will be in phase 2's attacks.
            
            Phase 1
                slash
                
                jumpSlash
                    jump and then slash down. like in smash
                spinSlash
                    spins around and has a slash. ~40 pixels in width?

            Phase 2
                teleport
                    somewhere in a smoke cloud or from one side of the screen to the other side of the screen.
                smokeBomb
                    50% dither particles should be spawned everywhere shooting out from where the boss *was*.
                    the boss will teleport away after doing this attack.
                    or the boss will start running twards the player?
                flury
                    multiple slashes.
                    slashes are done in one place, each pushing the boss twards the player even more. 
                shuriken
                    the boss throws a shuiriken twards the player from a distance. maybe from within a smokeBomb?
                stompShock
                    a stomp that has a shockwave that if the player hits this shockwave 
                    then the player will be in a frozen state where inputs are much less impactful.

                    GSM slows if player is close to the shockwave?
                    do some geometry math so that the hypotinous has to be a certain lenght, and is mesured from the center of the shockwave, not the boss.

            Phase 3
                only phase 2 attacks,
                double damage? 1.5x damage?